[DEP-128] Deployment of React Native Button SDK (#1)
getyoti/react-native-sdk-button: README.md

# Yoti Button SDK for React Native

Yoti button component for React Native [Android]([https://github.com/getyoti/android-sdk-button](https://github.com/getyoti/android-sdk-button)) and [iOS]([https://github.com/getyoti/ios-sdk-button](https://github.com/getyoti/ios-sdk-button)).

> ![Yoti Logo](https://www.yoti.com/wp-content/themes/yoti/assets/images/logo.svg)

Reviewer: Was this logo intended to be this big? 😃 
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/1381991/77162916-f2dd6d80-6aa4-11ea-96b5-a2a93eb3e6d1.png)

Author: Actually the issue is not with the size, it is with the image itself.
I have just changed it for the one we have in the other public repos. 👍

The purpose of the mobile SDK is to provide 3rd party applications the ability to request attributes from a Yoti user through Yoti mobile App. It is an interaction between a 3rd Party app and the Yoti app facilitated by a very lightweight SDK. This repository contains the module which enables your users to share their identity details with your application in a secure and trusted way.

## Prerequisite

> Before you begin, kindly make sure you have at the minimum created an application and scenario according to the [documentation](https://www.yoti.com/developers).

Reviewer: I think it would be better to link to the Hub part of the docs, now that we've split up the docs into many products. 
```suggestion
Before you begin, kindly make sure you have at the minimum created an application and scenario on the Yoti Hub according to the [documentation](https://developers.yoti.com/yoti/getting-started-hub).
```

Author: Done 👍
